(sighs)
Why do we have to eat ramen
for breakfast, anyway?
What's wrong?
This stuff tastes great!
I can't eat this first
thing in the morning!
Besides, this is what
we had last night!
But it's not the same!
Today, we're having salt broth!
Yesterday was miso broth!
Yeah, I know, but that's
not really the point!
(sigh)
Fine.
I'll have ramen for breakfast.
But don't you have
any other flavors?
Like Dynamic Hot Chili or
Red Avocado or something?
Wait, what are those?
Seriously, you don't even know?
You're so behind the times.
If you haven't tasted
those flavors before,
it's like you've
wasted half your life!
Seriously?
Okay!
I'm about to change your life.
[Naruto] Whoa! What're
you putting in there?
[Boruto] Some of this,
a little of that.
And why not?
How bout some of these.
Voila!
My pristine salt ramen.
Yeah!
It's good!
It's gotta have a
little bite to it.
Come on, just humor me
and try it, would ya?
Are you really sure about this?
So spicy!
But it's kinda
good, too, ya know?
Yeah! See?
If you like this, we'll
get along just fine.
So how long are you gonna
be in the village, anyway?
You know, I don't know.
My master has stuff
he needs to do here,
so he told me I should just
take it easy for a little while.
Our captain, Kakashi,
isn't here either,
so we don't have
any team missions.
I guess it can't be helped.
Since I'm the one
keeping an eye on you,
I'll just have to show
you around the village.
(opening theme music)
"Genin, Assemble!"
This place is the
best diner in town.
The lady that owns
this flower shop here
is always taking a nap.
And this bookstore is
run by a pervy old man.
Wow, the village seems
different in almost every way!
Hey!
This month's issue is out now!
Hang on a sec.
Sasuke was a kid
in this time, too.
Hey!
[Naruto] Hm?
So, why don't you introduce
me to your teammates.
There's three to a team, right?
There's Sakura, the
one from yesterday,
and the other one is?
[Naruto] I can't right now.
Why not?
The other one's, away
from the village.
Like on a mission?
When's he coming back?
I don't know.
What does that mean?
[Naruto] He'll
come back someday.
Or, more like, I'll
make him come back.
But he's not here right now.
Aw man, I thought I was
gonna get to meet Sasuke
when he was a kid.
Well!
Let's keep moving on!
[Konohamaru] Big Brother Naruto!
[Both] Hm?
(scheming chuckle)
So, who's the shrimp?
Hey!
I'm not a shrimp!
I'm Big Bro's rival and I'm
gonna be Hokage one day!
His rival?
And you just said "hey!"
Wait, shrimp are--
Who you calling shrimp?
I'm the future Hokage,
Konohamaru Sarutobi,
grandson of the Third Hokage!
So you better not mess with me!
Seriously?
Big Bro Konohamaru was
this annoying back then?
So, what's going on, Konohamaru?
(sneaky chuckle)
I thought that I'd show you
just how far I've gotten
with all of my training.
What? You mean?
I challenge you!
Sexy Jutsu!
Huh?
(proud chuckle)
Check it out!
Well, what do you think?
Frankly, it's hard to praise
your sloppy execution.
Watch and learn!
Here's a real Sexy Jutsu!
(shocked, awed gasp)
What do you think?
See, Konohamaru?
You simply don't
have enough charm!
Aw, man!
I guess that I simply
didn't train hard enough.
(chuckle) Yep!
You're still just too naive.
What even was the challenge?
Look, Konohamaru, you
gotta be way more diligent.
Even this guy has a pretty
good Sexy Jutsu, you know!
He what?
You? Seriously?
Listen, I know one
thing for sure,
that my Sexy Jutsu
just has to be
a lot cooler than yours is!
You think so?
Then show it to me!
I guess there's no choice!
If that's what you want.
Of course, his is still
not as good as mine.
You idiot!
Big Bro!
What the hell do you think
you're doing this early?
Sakura is scary!
Unhand him, you violent woman!
Huh?
What did you just say to me?
Forgive me, Big Brother!
Hey, wait!
Sakura, please, wait.
Uh, please, Sakura, calm down!
Seriously, if he'd just
stop acting like an idiot!
Right, Hinata?
Huh?
Mom?
Listen, it makes
things harder for me
when I have a numbskull
like you for a partner,
you got that?
Oh, Sakura, could we
just leave it at that?
Wow, Mom seems really
different in the past.
That was close!
Thanks for that, Hinata.
Hey, what's wrong?
Are you feeling okay?
Oh...
Yes...
Yes, I'm fine.
Watching them is
so embarrassing.
[Neji] You guys, what
are you up to, here?
Hey, Neji!
He's Uncle Neji?
Don't look at me!
I'm innocent!
Naruto was up to
his usual antics,
so I told him to stop.
And who are you?
Oh, I'm, uh--
This guy, he's a
traveling performer.
[Rock Lee] Neji!
There you are!
What is it, Lee?
[Boruto] He looks just like him!
Oh!
Naruto, Sakura and Hinata.
And you must be the
traveling performer
Lady Tsunade was talking about.
I've been assigned to watch
over him for now and--
Uh, hey!
Nice to meet you!
Yeah!
Likewise!
Now, Naruto, I've
been looking for you
per Lady Fifth's
special direct orders.
Her direct orders?
Earlier, Lady Fifth ordered me
to assemble all the available
genin in the Village.
Are all you going?
Of course we are!
Mm-hmm.
You're coming, too, right?
You're free, aren't you?
I guess that I
can't really train
if Pervy Sage
isn't here, anyway.
And keeping an eye
on him is boring.
All right, I'll come!
Okay, don't be late.
Yeah, I know that.
All right, then, Naruto.
See you later.
You bet!
Well, let's get going.
Huh?
Wait, I'm coming, too?
Yeah, of course you are.
I may be tired of
monitoring you,
but I've still gotta keep
an eye on you, don't I?
Anyway, for now,
let's finish up our tour
of the village, okay?
(quick flinching gasp)
Naruto, what are you doing?
Are you okay, Sir?
Uh, yeah, I think so.
I'm so sorry about that!
Hey, what's the hold up, huh?
Right!
Sorry!
-Hm?
This'd be way easier
with the Thunder Train.
The Thunder Train?
What's that?
A kind of giant vehicle that
carries people and things.
It runs in a big circle
around a village.
[Naruto] What are you saying?
Let's just go.
A giant vehicle that
carries people and things?
Hey, Kaminarimon!
Quit your dawdling or
we're gonna be late!
[Kaminarimon] Uh, yes sir!
Hey, how come there's no Great
Stone Face of Lady Fifth?
Oh, right.
The thing is, Granny Tsunade
just became the Hokage
a little while ago.
It'll be carved real soon.
Oh...
I'm gonna be the
Hokage one day, too!
And then I'll get to have my
face carved right over there.
Seriously?
Dad really wanted
to become the Hokage
ever since he was just a kid?
Hokage, huh?
Yeah! Why?
Don't you dare say
it's impossible!
Nope.
I was just thinking that
you could probably do it.
(chuckle) Aw yeah!
You get it!
Well, I only said
that you could,
but maybe you won't be able to.
What did you say?
Becoming the Hokage is my dream!
And it always will be!
Okay, okay!
According to Lady
Fifth's special orders,
this is where we're all
supposed to assemble, right?
Yes, there's no mistake.
And just what are we
supposed to do here?
I got a bad feeling about this.
I see everyone's here.
I've been assigned to coordinate
the Hokage's special orders,
although it's real drag.
Huh?
Are you the observer
that Naruto mentioned?
Yeah!
(stifled chuckle)
Shikadai and Uncle Shikamaru
are almost identical!
Now, Shikamaru...
Just what are Lady
Fifth's special orders?
(sigh)
Yeah, uh, about that.
All of us are supposed
to clean this place up.
Huh? What's up with that?
I guess that an
acquaintance of Lady Fifth's
has a connection
to this bathhouse,
so she can't really
say no to this request.
Why can't she say no?
None of us really know.
Anyway, she just told us
all that we have to do it.
She didn't give
us any reason why.
Oh, man, Aunty Ino
and Uncle Choji
have hardly changed
at all, either.
Granny Tsunade's acquaintance
must be Pervy Sage.
Now she has to
clean up after him
because of what
happened last night.
If people find out, I'll
totally get beaten up!
Hey, why do you look
so pale, Naruto?
No, no, I'm not
at all, you know!
Really?
You've been acting weird
ever since earlier today.
Uh, don't be ridiculous!
I'm fine!
I'm just, uh, gonna go and
get the cleaning supplies now!
Hm?
You kinda look like Naruto.
Don't you think so?
What?
No way, ya' know!
Hinata!
What are you guys talking about?
C'mon, we'd better
go and help out, too.
Oh. Right.
See you!
Yeah!
Hinata, you're usually so shy!
I'm surprised you spoke
to someone you just met!
Huh? Oh...
For some reason, I just didn't
feel nervous around him.
[Ino] Sounds like
someone likes someone!
[Hinata] It's nothing!
[Sakura] Cut it out, Ino.
[Ino] Just kidding!
Just kidding!
(sigh)
I just can't get into this.
Oh, yeah?
Too bad.
It's an order from Lady
Fifth, so get cleaning.
Well, we are still only genin!
Just think of it as training!
I get that we have to do this,
but to be called up
just for cleaning duty?
Maybe that person
from the bathhouse
has something that they're
holding over Lady Fifth
to force her to into this?
Something over her?
Ooh. Should we
investigate later?
Um, you guys!
Who cares about that?
C'mon, let's hurry and
get this cleaning done!
You know, normally,
you'd be the one
complaining the loudest.
That isn't true!
Fine, let's go!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Come on, let's finish this fast!
Even as a kid,
he could do Shadow Clone
Jutsu better than me, huh?
All right, let's do this!
(determined yell)
You are really full of energy.
Wow, no wonder he's
the future Hokage.
You think that he's
the future Hokage?
Like I'd let Naruto
steal the spotlight!
Let's go, Akamaru!
(eager barks)
Man-Beast Transformation Combo!
Soapy Fang Over Fang!
Hey, Kiba, stop!
Calm it down!
There're too many suds!
So, that's the guy that
everyone in the village
placed their hopes in, huh?
Who're you talking about?
Well, Kiba of course.
He just says stuff.
Don't take him seriously.
Huh?
He can't be the one that
everyone in the Village
puts their hopes in.
The reason is because--
Hey! What are you
guys talking about?
(discomforted whine)
(disillusioned sigh)
No! I will not be outdone!
Huh?
Cleaning the bathhouse can
also be used as training,
so here I go!
(determined yell)
Why are you making
it all sudsy again?
Hey, rinse that off, quick!
Right!
Hm?
(laughter)
Water Style Jutsu!
Get it?
All right, if that's
how you wanna play it.
Take this!
Hey!
That water's too hot!
Ha! Ya missed me!
Why you little!
I'm over here!
-[Naruto] Why you!
-Hey, guys!
Quit making this more of a drag!
Oops!
Sorry, Shikamaru!
Okay, the changing
rooms are all done.
Ahh!
Why...
Come on, you guys!
Huh?
[All] Huh?
(crashing)
(surprised gasps)
What's all the ruckus about?
Huh?
Ow.
Hey, Choji!
What's the big idea, anyway?
Oh, so you're back
again, you peeping brat!
Peeping brat?
Huh?
But I...
So that special order
was just to clean up
after your mess, huh?
I told you guys!
It was all Pervy Sage's fault!
Ugh, you are so annoying!
Aw, come on, Sakura!
Please don't say
stuff like that!
So where did you study taijutsu?
Huh?
Oh, uh, at a kind of like a
school where a sensei taught me.
I see.
Your movements back
there were pretty good.
But I noticed some slight
inefficiencies in them.
Did your sensei ever
tell you about them?
Uh, not really.
Then I'd say your
sensei was careless.
Yeah, that Sensei was you.
You're a street
performer, right?
If you can move that well,
you could be a ninja, too!
Yeah, your instincts were great!
You might even surpass Naruto,
and it probably
wouldn't take long!
What?
C'mon, no way that'll happen!
It makes sense.
I bet you could be
battle-ready quick.
What do you say?
Do you guys seriously
need people that badly?
Well, we had a guy desert
the Village recently,
and things've been kinda tough.
So what do you think?
Hey, Kiba!
Wait, don't tell me
the deserter is--
Uh, listen, sorry, but just
forget about what we said.
You know, I'm
feeling kinda hungry.
Oh.
Well, Choji?
Yeah!
I'm totally starving.
But isn't that always the case?
(chuckle)
You got that right!
Okay, guys, we're all
excused for the day.
Well, so far, I haven't
sensed Urashiki nearby.
Although, he could
appear anytime.
Has Karasuki awakened
since we first got here?
No, he hasn't come
out of his shell once.
What is it?
I wanna know what you
were doing in this time.
Why's that?
I asked Dad and the others,
but they just said
that you were away.
And Granny Tsunade mentioned
a genin who deserted the Leaf.
It was you, right?
Why?
Because back then, I
couldn't see another choice.
You're the Sasuke you are now
because of what happened
back in this past.
So why can't the current
you from right now
just go and talk to them
or something like that?
We can't.
But...
The reason that we're here
is to protect Naruto
from Urashiki.
Do you understand me?
We can't stir up anything
else in the past.
So, go back to Naruto.
All right, talk!
Where've you been, mister?
Here in the village.
Then you shoulda shown your
face or something, ya know!
I mean, it's my job to keep
an eye on you two, remember?
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
(exasperated sigh)
Well, anyway, I wonder
where Pervy Sage is
right about now.
He made a promise that he
was gonna train me today.
(shocked gasp)
Hm?
My, my!
My plans sure did get
knocked off-kilter!
I guess that I'll
have to exterminate
these annoying insects.
Huh?
(ending theme music)
I've wanted to meet you for
a long time, Naruto Uzumaki.
Who is this guy?
You know who I am?
Why, of course!
You're very famous, after all.
I'm here to take
your Nine Tails.
I won't let you!
[Sasuke] I'll handle Urashiki!
Boruto, you guard Naruto!
Next time on Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations:
"The Power of the Nine Tails"
We'll protect you, Dad!
(ending theme music)